Bugs:

Small fixes:

Features:
- Karma
- Kill counter
- Prettier walls in caves

- locations:
    most inhabited places have majority population human, few ghouls
    special places are ghoul or mutant only
    
    cave: natural walls
    vault: abandoned, inhabited (raiders etc.) or sealed with original inhabitants
    farmer: farmer community, mostly fields and few buildings
    junktown: makeshift town made primarily from scrap. mostly settlers and traders
    town: built mostly in ruined pre-war buildings. as above
    bunker: abandoned, inhabited (raiders etc.) or original inhabitants
        special types: BoS, Enclave
    tribe: simple structures, tents
    raider camp: simple structures, tents
        special types: Khans, Vipers etc.
    military base: abandoned or inhabited (raiders etc.)
        special types: Master's Army mutants, Enclave, Gun Runners
    special encounters: natural wilderness dep. on biome
        dumb critters

- races:
    human:
        stat constraints: none
    ghoul:
        stat constraints:
        COMPLETE radiation immunity
        heals by radiation?
    mutant:
        stat constraints: min strength, max intelligence

- factions:
    there are no traditional classes, this is determined by stats.
    factions are allegiances, and determines how NPCs view you and where you start.
    you can go undercover by wearing clothing: practically no one will figure out you're BoS if you do not wear power armor and so on
    for humans:
        vault dweller: starts in friendly vault
        settler/trader: starts in friendly town
        farmer: starts in friendly farm community
        tribal: starts in friendly tribe
        raider: starts in friendly raider camp
        NCR: starts in friendly NCR controlled settlement
        BoS knight/scribe: starts in friendly bunker
        Enclave private: starts in friendly bunker
    for ghouls:
        settler/trader/farmer/tribal: starts in ghoul community
        NCR: starts in NCR controlled settlement
        TODO: more interesting ghoul classes?
    for mutants:
        "green" super mutant: start in friendly mutant community
        nightkin: start in friendly mutant community

- starting armor:
    depending on faction:
        vault dweller: vault dweller suit
        settler/trader: simple outfit
        farmer: simple farmer outfit
        tribal: simple tribal outfit
        raider: bad raider armor
        NCR: bad NCR armor
        BoS knight: bad BoS power armor
        BoS scribe: bad scribe robes
        Enclave: bad Enclave power armor
        super mutant: super mutant armor
        nightkin: nightkin outfit
        
- starting weapons:
    depends on TWO highest skills, not counting explosives
    some factions have inadmissible types, then use next lower skill
    example: 10mm+knife for small guns+melee
    guns include a small amount of ammo for it
    faction weapons:
        below: unarmed, melee, throwing, small, big, energy
        vault dweller: brass knuckles, knife, throwing knife, 10mm, NONE, NONE
        settler/trader: brass knuckles, knife, throwing knife, 9mm, NONE, NONE
        farmer: brass knuckles, cattle prod, throwing knife, bad shotgun, NONE, NONE
        tribal: brass knuckles, spear, throwing spear, 9mm, NONE, NONE
        raider: spiked brass knuckles, spear/sledge, throwing spear, 10mm, NONE, NONE
        NCR: NONE, knife, NONE, bad rifle, NONE, NONE
        BoS knight: power fist, sledge, NONE, NONE, bad minigun, bad laser pistol
        BoS scribe: power fist, sledge, NONE, 10mm, NONE, bad laser pistol
        Enclave: power fist, sledge, NONE, NONE, bad minigun, bad laser pistol
        super mutant: spiked brass knuckles, sledge, throwing spear, NONE, bad minigun, NONE
        nightkin: same as mutant
        
- starting items:
    for all:
    additional items for factions:
        vault dweller: stimpak
        settler/trader: iguana-on-a-stick
        farmer: fruit/vegetable
        tribal: healing powder
        raider: booze or random drug?
        NCR: stimpak
        BoS knight: stimpak, radaway?
        BoS scribe: stimpak, random skill book
        Enclave: stimpak
        super mutant: stimpak
        nightkin: stealth boy
        
- race relations:
    goes as hate, dislike, neutral, like, love
    hate: attack on sight
    dislike: bad treatment but not necessarily combat hostility
    neutral: doesn't care
    like: favorable treatment
    love: kinship, very good treatment, aids in combat
    charisma influences this

- faction relations:
    NPCs disposition towards other factions.
    player need not follow this
    "dumb" NPCs (animals etc.) don't care
    scale as above, if nothing else noted then neutral
    is combined with race modifier
    everyone "likes" own faction unless noted otherwise
    everyone in same location loyal: starting trouble may cause NPCs that dislike each other to nevertheless aid each other in combat
    one "hate", even if not reciprocated, is enough for combat to start
    charisma influences this

- skills:

- items:

- props:

- NPCs:

- companion NPCs:
    "dogmeat"